---
layout: post
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
# a layman's thoughts on Covid-19
<!--more-->
There are many proven good medicines and prevention for covid-19, where we know the possible side-effects and (lack of) adverse effects. The biggested problem with these existing treatments is that they are cheap (especially vitamin D). 

Governments, media, and lobbyists push to fund new treatments and vaccines to make money. The lower level officials have good intentions but lack the critical thinking (ex. Cuomo's early order to send sick patients back to nursing homes). One look at the pharmaceutical commercials should tell you that the media censors itself.

Just like how the general population loves to stockpile toilet paper (one thought is that because toilet paper is big, it provides a psycological benefit that you are doing something big and helpful), lockdowns have likely caused more harm than good. Same for the use of intrusive ventilators on patients.

 Any existing cheap medication will go through unwarranted scrutiny because of the investment risks to a new moneymaking vaccine or treatment. Look at how hydroxychloroquine was painted in a negative light (purposefully excluding how it should be combined with zinc, and grouping side effects with chloroquine). Data from studies can easily be manipulated and two of the main studies casting doubt on hydroxychloroquine have been retracted.

https://c19ivermectin.com/

https://www.wsj.com/articles/authors-retract-study-that-found-risks-of-using-antimalaria-drug-against-covid-19-11591299329
